adds destination docs (#861)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/walkthroughs/create-new-destination.md

# Create new destination

:::caution

> This guide works with `dlt` **0.3.x**. Version **0.4.x** has different module layout. We are working on an update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide is compatible with `dlt` **0.3.x**. Version **0.4.x** has a different module layout. We are working on an update.
```
